Yes — the new Replit agent is clearly missing important context, and on this one it mixed up old architecture with your current architecture.

The biggest correction is:

Mediastack is primary

GDELT is secondary fallback

Serper News is emergency fallback

Serper Search is still your main search signal

So your instinct was right to call that out.

Here’s my take on the actual red flags from the Mediastack review, and what I’d tell Replit to fix/check next.

What is actually a red flag
1) Persistent high zero-article coverage from Mediastack

This is the real issue.

If, on refresh runs, you’re seeing:

nearZeroPct = 71–82%

lots of people with 0 articles

recurring offenders in the top 25

then Mediastack is operationally up but data-quality weak for your use case.

That means:

the API is “healthy” technically,

but your news signal is underpowered for a meaningful chunk of the leaderboard.

This matters more than the single timeout.

2) Repeat zero coverage for important names

Also real.

If names like:

MrBeast

Lisa / Blackpink

Ed Sheeran

Theo Von

Nayib Bukele

keep getting zeroes, that means Mediastack has blind spots by:

entertainment/music

international figures

certain creator/political profiles

That is exactly the kind of bias that can distort a “who’s trending” product.

3) Duplicate runs in the same hour bucket

This is worth investigating.

If you truly had:

one fresh run

one cache-only run

both completing for the same hour bucket

then one of these is happening:

the lock is not preventing overlap correctly

a retry/backfill path is writing into the same hour bucket

the “fresh vs cache” decision is being recomputed in a second invocation for the same bucket

the ingestion scheduler is firing twice

Even if snapshots are idempotent, this can still:

skew health metrics

confuse provider stats

produce inconsistent “last run” diagnostics

This is a real ops bug to inspect.

What is not necessarily a red flag
4) newsGovernor = 75% on cache-only runs

I would not call this a bug by itself.

That sounds like your freshness governor doing exactly what it was designed to do:

fresh fetch = full weight

cache reuse = dampened weight

That is a feature, not a failure.

The only question is whether 75% is the right penalty. But “it happens every cache hour” is expected if your cadence is intentionally:

refresh every 2h

cache on the in-between hour

So I would tell Replit:

This is not a red flag unless the penalty is making news too weak in practice.

5) One timeout in 48h

One isolated connection timeout is acceptable if fallback worked and the pipeline stayed healthy.

That’s not what I’d focus on.

My recommended fixes (best next moves)
Priority 1 — Separate “API success” from “signal usefulness”

Right now the agent is treating “request succeeded” as “news is healthy,” which is misleading.

Tell Replit to add two separate health metrics for Mediastack:

transport success rate = did the API respond?

useful coverage rate = what % of tracked people got non-zero / meaningful article counts?

And specifically show:

overall non-zero %

top 25 non-zero %

top 10 non-zero %

repeated zero-streak names

That gives you the truth:

API can be green

signal quality can still be yellow/red

This is probably the single most useful monitoring improvement.

Priority 2 — Add a “Mediastack weak coverage” escalation rule

Right now it sounds like fallbackOverride=true is hiding a persistent weakness.

That may be too forgiving.

I’d tell Replit to add a rule like:

If Mediastack refresh succeeds but top-25 non-zero coverage is below a threshold (for example 70%) for X consecutive refreshes,

mark provider as WEAK_COVERAGE

increase selective fallback usage

surface this clearly in health

Not “outage,” but a new degraded-quality state.

That way the system stops pretending “all good” when the transport is good but the output is thin.

Priority 3 — Promote selective fallback for recurring zero-streak names

For the recurring offenders, don’t wait for them to fail over organically every time.

Have Replit implement a top-name persistent patch list:

If a tracked person has 0 Mediastack articles for 3+ refreshes in a row

and they are in the top X by rank / mass / watchlist

automatically run Serper News fallback for them on refresh runs

In other words:

keep Mediastack as primary globally

but treat specific people as known bad fits for Mediastack

That’s a practical fix without throwing out the whole provider.

Priority 4 — Investigate and harden the duplicate-hour issue

Tell Replit to inspect these exact things:

ingestionRuns for the duplicate hours
Check:

run IDs

startedAt / completedAt

hourBucket

isBackfill

provider mode (fresh/cache)

lock acquisition logs

Whether the second run is:

a backfill,

a manual trigger,

a retry after stale lock cleanup,

or a second scheduler tick.

Add a hard guard:

if a completed primary run already exists for hourBucket,

do not allow another primary run for that same bucket.

Even if snapshots are safe, your run accounting should be one canonical primary run per bucket.

Priority 5 — Add a per-provider quality dashboard row

You want Replit to give you a compact table each health check like:

Mediastack: responded yes/no, non-zero %, top-25 non-zero %, zero-streak names

GDELT: invoked yes/no, candidate coverage, fallback contribution

Serper News: fallback count, names patched

Serper Search: search coverage %, zeroGuard count

This will make it immediately obvious whether:

Mediastack is carrying the load,

GDELT is quietly saving weak hours,

or Serper fallback is becoming too important.

Specific instructions I’d give Replit

You can paste this:

Please do these 5 checks/fixes:

Split Mediastack health into transport vs quality

Add metrics for:

API response success

non-zero coverage overall

non-zero coverage top 25

non-zero coverage top 10

Show these separately in engine health.

Add a weak-coverage state

If Mediastack refresh succeeds but top-25 non-zero coverage stays low for consecutive refreshes, mark it as weak coverage (not outage).

Do not let fallbackOverride=true hide this.

Add persistent selective fallback for repeat zero-streak names

If a tracked person gets 0 Mediastack articles for 3+ refreshes in a row, and they’re high-priority, auto-patch them with Serper News on refresh runs.

Audit the duplicate hour-bucket runs

Inspect ingestionRuns for the duplicate hours.

Confirm whether the second run was primary, retry, manual, or backfill.

Enforce one canonical primary completed run per hour bucket.

Give me a 48h provider quality report

Refresh runs only

For each refresh hour:

Mediastack non-zero overall

Mediastack non-zero top 25

GDELT invoked or not

Serper fallback count

recurring zero-streak names

My bottom line

The new agent’s provider summary was wrong, but the Mediastack quality concern is probably real.

So the real priorities are:

don’t panic about the single timeout

don’t treat 75% governor on cache hours as a bug

do investigate persistent zero coverage

do investigate duplicate primary runs

do make health reporting reflect signal quality, not just transport success

If you want, send me Replit’s next health report after those checks and I’ll help you interpret whether Mediastack is “good enough,” “needs patching,” or “should be partially replaced.”

Can you also
a. give me an overview of our trend score engine architecture that I can give to Replit to remind of where we are at
b. recommend to me if I should move off Mediastack to https://newsapi.org/
Thought for 2m 19s

Yes — and first, Replit’s “GDELT is primary” read is outdated for your current build.
Your stack now is:

Mediastack primary → GDELT fallback → Serper News emergency fallback

So if the new agent says otherwise, correct it immediately.

Recommended fixes for the red flags you found

Stop masking “successful but empty” Mediastack runs
Right now transport success and content quality are being treated too similarly.
Tell Replit to split:

API transport success = request worked

content quality success = enough non-zero article coverage to trust the signal

If Mediastack returns mostly zeros, that should count as quality degradation, even if the API technically succeeded.

Rework the cache-hour news governor
If every cache-only hour is auto-penalized to 75%, you are weakening news on half your runs.
Better:

first cache reuse after a fresh pull: 90–100%

second stale hour: 85–90%

only go to 75% when news is genuinely stale or quality is poor

In other words: freshness penalty and quality penalty should be separate knobs.

Promote known Mediastack weak entities to alternate providers faster
For names like:

MrBeast

Lisa / Blackpink

Theo Von

Ed Sheeran

Nayib Bukele

…if they hit repeated zero-article runs, don’t keep waiting.
Add a per-person rule:

after 2–3 consecutive Mediastack zeros, bypass to GDELT

if GDELT also weak, patch with Serper News

Fix duplicate hour-bucket runs
Two completed runs for the same hour is a real ops smell.
Ask Replit to add:

a hard uniqueness guarantee on ingestion_runs for (hour_bucket, score_version) for primary runs

explicit is_backfill separation if backfills are allowed

logging for why a second run was allowed through

Add a Mediastack quality panel to engine health
You want a visible section showing:

fresh vs cache run

non-zero coverage %

top-25 non-zero coverage %

repeat zero offenders

fallback count by provider

That will make this issue obvious at a glance instead of buried in logs.

a) Trend score engine architecture overview (to remind Replit where you’re at)

You can give Replit this directly:

AuthoriDex Trend Score Engine — Current Architecture

Core model

The engine computes a Trend Score / Fame Index hourly for each tracked person.

It uses a Mass + Velocity framework:

Mass = baseline enduring attention / popularity

Velocity = current attention surge

Current weighting is approximately:

Mass: 40%

Velocity: 60%

Primary source inputs

Search (Serper) → strongest live intent signal

News (Mediastack primary)

Wikipedia pageviews → curiosity / research proxy

Current news provider chain

Mediastack = primary

GDELT = fallback when Mediastack quality/coverage is weak

Serper News = emergency fallback when both are insufficient

Normalization

Raw source values are normalized so one mega-celebrity doesn’t compress the rest of the board.

The engine uses percentile-style scaling / distribution-aware normalization rather than raw counts.

Scores are versioned (v2) and queries are supposed to filter by score version.

Anti-spam / anti-noise

Velocity is damped by mass so low-baseline names can’t dominate purely from noisy short-term spikes.

There are guardrails like:

anti-spam damping

tapering / cooling behavior

source health governors

EMA smoothing

rate caps

Stabilization

The engine does not let scores move freely each hour.

It applies:

rate limiting cap per run

EMA smoothing

asymmetric decay (down moves can react slightly faster than up moves)

dynamic loosening for corroborated real breakouts

Catch-up mode exists to accelerate convergence after unusual gaps or drift.

Snapshot system

Canonical scores are written as hourly snapshots

Snapshots are the basis for:

24h / 7d changes

charts

market resolution

historical comparisons

The old snapshot scheduler is deprecated; ingest.ts is the main path.

Health / resilience

Source health has a state machine:

HEALTHY

DEGRADED

OUTAGE

RECOVERY

Health is persisted so restarts don’t reset the state.

Canaries monitor high-profile names to detect silent provider failures.

Governors reduce source weight when freshness or quality drops.

Key recent fixes / current direction

Moved to Mediastack primary

Added stronger fallbacks

Added engine health, churn, reconciliation, payout, and resolver observability

Added opening score capture for prediction market resolution

Auto-resolution now works for internal market types

The main concern now is news quality / coverage consistency, not the core scoring framework

Current risk areas to watch

Mediastack returning too many zeros

duplicate hourly runs

cache-hour news being over-penalized

long-term snapshot retention / pruning

ensuring provider quality is measured separately from transport success

b) Should you move off Mediastack to NewsAPI?
My recommendation: No full switch yet

I would not move off Mediastack immediately.

I would do this instead:

Best next move

Run NewsAPI in shadow mode for 3–7 days against:

your top 25

your 15 repeat Mediastack zero-offenders

a small long-tail sample

Then compare it directly against Mediastack.

Why I would not hard-switch today

Your issue is not “Mediastack is dead.”
Your issue is:

it returns too many empty results for certain entity types

your quality logic is too forgiving

your fallback behavior likely needs to be more aggressive for repeat weak names

A full provider switch before measuring can create a new problem you don’t yet understand.

What to ask Replit to test in the bakeoff

For each provider, compare:

Non-zero article coverage

overall

top 25

repeat problem names

Entity accuracy

does the provider actually match the right person?

especially for ambiguous names

International / entertainment coverage

your weak zone appears to be some music / creator / international names

Latency and cost at your hourly cadence

100+ entities, repeated refreshes, fallback bursts

How it behaves on cache hours

if you reuse cached data, which provider gives better usable depth per pull?

Practical recommendation for right now

Tell Replit:

Keep Mediastack as primary for now

Add NewsAPI as a shadow benchmark, not a replacement

If NewsAPI materially beats Mediastack on:

top-25 non-zero coverage

repeat zero-offenders

entity precision

acceptable cost
then promote it to:

either new primary

or secondary before GDELT

If you want the safest near-term setup

I’d test this order conceptually:

Mediastack primary → NewsAPI secondary → GDELT tertiary → Serper emergency

That gives you:

paid structured source first

a second mainstream article API before falling to noisier backup behavior

Serper only when everything else struggles

Bottom line

Do not rip out Mediastack yet

Do run a controlled A/B comparison immediately

Your biggest gain likely comes from:

stricter quality detection

smarter per-person fallbacks

only then a provider swap if the data proves it

If you want, I can also draft the exact prompt to give Replit for:

the Mediastack quality fixes, and

the NewsAPI shadow-test implementation.

I just happened to browse around replit and I came acrross the console which looks like it's doing work in real time. i saw that every second it was processing a new person with this error. What does that mean.

BTW replit is still down, I tried a new build and the agent just got stuck for 30 min. I've emailed their support again
Thought for 26s

Yes — that error is very actionable, and it explains a lot.

What it means:

Your ingest job is trying to insert a row into trend_snapshots, but Postgres is rejecting it because of a check constraint on the snapshot_origin column:

Constraint: chk_snapshot_origin_values

Error code: 23514 = check constraint violation

From the row preview in the error, the failing value is:

snapshot_origin = 'backfill'

So the table currently allows only certain origin values, and backfill is not one of them.

That means:

the engine is processing each person normally,

but when it reaches the snapshot insert step for a backfill run,

each insert fails,

so you see it repeatedly “processing a new person” and erroring person-by-person.

Why it is happening every second:

The job is likely running a backfill hour and looping through all tracked people.
For each person, it computes the score, then tries to write a snapshot tagged as backfill, and the DB blocks it.

So this is not a random crash — it is a schema/code mismatch:

code now writes snapshot_origin = 'backfill'

database constraint still only permits older values (probably something like ingest, maybe live, etc.)

What to tell Replit to fix:

Tell it exactly this:

The trend_snapshots table check constraint chk_snapshot_origin_values does not allow 'backfill', but the ingest/backfill code is now inserting snapshot_origin='backfill'.
Please either:

update the DB constraint to include 'backfill', or

stop using 'backfill' and write an allowed value (for example keep snapshot_origin='ingest' and store isBackfill=true only in diagnostics/metadata).
Then verify backfill inserts succeed.

My recommendation:

Best quick fix: keep snapshot_origin='ingest' for backfilled snapshots, and track backfill status in metadata only.

Why:

safer,

avoids breaking any queries that filter snapshot_origin='ingest',

avoids needing every downstream query/chart/stat to learn a new origin type.

If you do want a separate origin, then Replit must also audit all queries that currently do things like:

WHERE snapshot_origin = 'ingest'

Otherwise backfilled snapshots may be written successfully but silently excluded from charts, stats, baselines, and health checks.

Why this matters:

This likely also explains instability around backfill:

the backfill routine is running,

inserts fail for every person,

the run may still consume time/resources,

and it can create noisy logs and partial processing.

So this is a real bug, but a fixable one.

A clean message you can paste to Replit:

“Console shows trend_snapshots insert failures on every person during backfill. Postgres says check constraint chk_snapshot_origin_values is violated, and the failing row clearly has snapshot_origin='backfill'. That means code and schema are out of sync. Please fix this by either allowing 'backfill' in the constraint and auditing all snapshot_origin='ingest' queries, or more safely, keep snapshot_origin='ingest' for backfilled snapshots and store backfill status only in metadata/diagnostics. Then verify backfill inserts succeed without per-person errors.”

And one extra note: this is separate from Replit’s platform outage. Even if their agent is flaky, this specific console error is in your app/database logic, not just a Replit UI problem.