I want to shift focus to the design of the Home Page sections specifically below the "Vote" and "Predict" toggles.  Specifically regarding the heading formats above each section card (Vote headings: Face-Offs, Trending Polls, Induction Queue, Curate the Profile) + (Prediction headings:  Real-World Markets, Weekly Jackpot, Up/Down Predictions, Head-to-Head battles, Top Gainer Predictions) on the home page under each toggle.  As you will see in the screenshots - on the Home page "Vote" and "Predict" toggles - the heading formats currently display the headings in small text on left aligned above each card.  I feel that it can look much better.  For example - I have also attached screenshots of the actual dedicated "Vote" and "Predict" pages themselves (not home page) which shows the heading formats within a container, a beautiful hue theme color for that page and contains heading text, subtitle text and also a "How It Works" question mark (?) that opens a modal explaining how that section works. I am not confirming that we must make the Home page "Vote" and "Predict" toggle sections exactly 100% the same format as it is already on the dedicated Vote" and "Predict" pages - but what I am saying is that there should be similarities and that I want the Home page "Vote" and "Predict" toggle sections upgraded to look more beautiful and be more functional than its current state.  Obviously the Vote toggle section will mainatain the blue (similar to #62E9F9) theme color already used on the dedicated "Vote" page whereas the Predict toggle will maintain the purple (similar to #A78BFA) theme color already used on the dedicated "Predict" page. 

I am open to ideas on how to optimsie this design - I am just saying I don't love the current format. N.B. no chnages should be made to the actual dedicated "Vote" and "Predict" pages themselves - this design enhancment is specific to the Home Page sections specifically below the "Vote" and "Predict" toggles.  Specifically regarding the heading formats above each section card (Vote headings: Face-Offs, Trending Polls, Induction Queue, Curate the Profile) + (Prediction headings:  Real-World Markets, Weekly Jackpot, Up/Down Predictions, Head-to-Head battles, Top Gainer Predictions) on the home page under each toggle. 