Initially - these images are specifically for the "Induction List" section and there is no expanded view in the induction list section - with that said - only the "_compressed_70kb" images need to be used for the induction list cards. Furthermore - image avatars and cards must be populated based on the names of each individual in the induction list. Can Replit obtain the names (for populating cards on frontend induction list) directly from the Supabase bucket list since Supabase have the names in Slug format or must I upload a excel/csv separately? Once an inductee is then added to the main leaderboard - this is when the larger file "_compressed_150kb_expanded" may come into use. This is bacause celebrities listed on the leaderboard are then also added to the "Curate Profile Image" section. The curate profile image section allows users to select one of the images from the list and opens in expanded view. On a separate note (but still pertains to the same concept): Regarding the existing images that we have applied to the celebrities on the current leaderboard. I have attached a screenshot of the bucket "celebrity-images" which Replit uses to access the images for these celebrities on Supabase. These were uploaded previously but were compressed to around 1MB per image. Do you think the 1MB size is too large and will slwo our site down? If so - should I do the same as we are currently doing for the Induction list and compress into two folders? If we go this route - must I compress to same 70kb and 150kb or should I compress to 500kb per image? We also need to inform Replit that as and when new inductees are added to the main leaderboard (single inductee from the list with the highest number of votes will be inducted - automated weekly induction - based on the countdown timer ending at 11:59pm UST). We should be able to set seed votes for each inductee in the backend admin panel - basically setting the stage for who will most likely be inducted into the main leaderboard over the next few weeks - before real users begin voting).