That worked great for the 1. FameDex Leaderboard: "Fame Index" +"Metric". 2. Approval Leaderboard "Approval" + "%". However we notice that the 3. Value Leaderboard: "Underrated" + "%" + "Overrated" + "%" text is still unable to fit and if we retain just the % metric - it won't make sense to a FameDex user.  With that said - we have decided to remove the "Value" Leaderboard completely (Underrated and Overrated) from the Leaderboard section.  What this means - the only two buttons in the main Leaderboard section will be: "Fame Score" and "Approval" (Change to "Approval Rating" because there will now be more space for this text).  With that said - You can remove the button "Value" as an option to display the "Value" Leaderboard. N.B. The "Value" button will be removed entirely.

We will want to allow FameDex users to still vote "Underrated" or "Overrated" per celebrity.  FameDex Users can vote "Underrated" or "Overrated" per celebrity directly on the individual celebrity profile pages - however, we will also be adding another place for FameDex users to vote on  "Underrated" or "Overrated" per celebrity which I will explain in more detail now.  We will be moving this vote feature (Underrated / Overrated) to the dedicated "Vote" sections on both the "Home" page under "Vote" toggle as well as the dedicated "Vote" page itself.  

1. On the dedicated "Vote" page:

- Placement:  we can create a new section below "The People's Voice" section which will be dedicated for voting Underrated / Overrated per celebrity from the leaderboard

- Section design: must remain consistent with the other sections - Face-Offs and The Peoples Voice - on the Vote page to maintain consistency and should include the Heading: "Underrated / Overrated" sub-heading: "Are these influencial figures fairly rated?", a "?" for FameDex users to select which opens modal explaining "how it works" as well as a "+ Suggest" button which opens a modal for a FameDex user to suggest a celebrity which should be included on the "Underrated / Overrated" voting section - consistent with the other sections).  As we did for other sections on the "Vote Page" - three cards can be displayed by default with a button below saying "View All Celebrities" which then opens an overlay (ensure same design as other sections on this page) displaying all cards of all celebrities for FameDex users to vote Underrated / Overrated per celebrity.  

Card Design Format: The cards can include heading: Number of votes top left, Industry category label glass pill (Tech, Business, Sports etc) on the top right, "Is [celebrity name] Underrated or Overrated?", Celebrity Profile Image (consistent with profile image displayed across FameDex for that celebrity or an image uploaded by a FameDex user who suggested a new celebrity to be displayed on the Underrated / Overrated section if that celebrity was not already on our leaderboard), Celebrity Name below image, Underrated Button (green) and Overrated Button Red) stacked on top of one another.  Then after a FameDex User votes - it will then display the results as we have done for all other cards in other vote sections.  

2. On the "Home" page under the dedicated "Vote" toggle: As we did for other sections on the Home page vote toggle - we display a single card at a time for a FameDex User to vote on with button text below saying "Skip" if a user prefers not to vote on a particular celebrity. then the modal displays the  button text at the bottom "Vote Next" (which goes to the next person on the leaderboard to "Vote" on) as well as "Visit Profile" (which goes to that celebrities individual profile)). Card design must be consistent with the same card design on the dedicated "Vote" page. 

3. Button Filter addition: Please note on the Vote sections we have the buttons section filters: All, Face-Offs, People's Voice, Induction Queue, Curate Profile.  This needs to be updated to also include "Overrated/Underrated" - so can be in this order: "All, Face-Offs, People's Voice, Overrated/Underrated, Induction Queue, Curate Profile.  Please also ask Replit to add an icon since all the other filters have icons with text - as seen in the screenshots attached. 

Do you understand exactly what needs to be done and if so - please generate a mega-prompt for Replit