Okay it came out ~70% correct.  There are however issues on all Home, Vote and Predict pages. 

But just to ensure we don't confuse Replit (and you for that matter) - I am going to focus on each page seperately. 

Let's start on the "Vote" page:

1. The "+ Suggest" modals - I am unsure what happened - but now all "+ Suggest" are exactly the same for the three types of vote types (Face-Offs, The Peoples Voice and The Induction Queue).  This is incorrect - because these vote suggestions requires different inputs - unique to each of their objectives.  As you will see in the screenshots - they are all configured to "Suggest a Candidate" - which is only applicable to "The Induction Queue".  On that note - let's run through each modal and how it shoudl appear - starting with The Induction Queue Modal:

1.1 The Induction Queue Modal: It is 90% correct - however - as you will see in the screenshot, there is correctly a field "candidate name" - but is a dropdown which displays a list of people already on our leaderboard (even though only displays 6 people out of the 100). This specific modal should not have a dropdown list that at all - especailly one that relates to our Leaderboard or the induction que list since the purpose of this modal is to suggest new people to include in FameDex - not already people on FameDex. It should only be a field for a user to insert a "Canditate Name" and this can be anyone in the world they wish to suggest. I notice there is an optional field at the bottom requesting Social/profile URL - this will be useful to identify the person they are suggestion incase the admin people who approve the suggestion do not know who they are referring to.  However, and Ideally - as a user starts typing in the "Canditate Name" field - that a list of names should start appearing based on what the user is typing in - similar to how Google loads physical addresses as you type into physical address fields on forms all around the web - allowing the user to select the name from the list so the FameDex system automatically ID's that celebrities Wiki-Slug (I believe this can only work if the system is able to connect to an external database like Wikipedia - but I will have to be guided by you on the plausibility of this and if there would be an added cost or unnecessary complexity to it), If too complex - then we can just require the name and then social profile link will help identify. 

1.2 Face-Offs: It is 10% correct - the system just used the same modal for the "Induction Queue" as attached.  I had not completed the Face-Off suggestion modal previously - but I would assume it needs a Headline, Description, Option A, Option B, suggest anythign else.  I don't believe it requires a timeline like we had for predictions - since face-offs I believe are timeless (such as Adidas vs Nike, Rugby vs American Football, Tabard vs Peacfull Sleep, Ukraine vs Russia, Apple vs Android, Nikon vs Cannon etc etc etc so many options).  The vote card does show a category pill at top right though (Music, Sports, Tech, Politics, Creator, Business etc) so we will need a "Misc" pill for this vote card as well - to display if the card is related to somethign outside of our standard category list - with that said - the modal to suggest may need a field to determine which category pill will apply - whether it is misc or our set list (Music, Politics, Business, Tech, Creator, Sports)

1.3 The People Voice: It is 0% correct - the system just used the same modal for the "Induction Queue" as attached.  The previous modal that we had already spent time creating for "The Peoples Voice" was 90% correct. I am actually upset that Replit made this mistake.  Now let's try and fix this - I have attached a screenshot of the previous (CORRECT) "Start a Poll" (which will become "Suggest a Poll") with the appropriate input fields for a user to create a poll.  These input fields included: Headline, Subject (Entity), Timeline, Short Description (max 140 characters).  We need to ask Replit to revert to this previous design (not spend alot of agent time trying to rebuild it because we had already paid for this previously).  The only chnages we want to effect on this was detailed in your previous prompt to Replit (as I understood) - and that is - 1. change "Start a Poll" to "Suggest a Poll", 2. regarding the "Subject Entity" field - it was going to be a hybrid between dropdown list and search functionality and also accomodate for those topics which don't relate to a celebrity - being "Custom Topic" or "Misc".  So how do we explain to Replit to accomodate other topics as well - because the previous modal (90% correct version) was tailored more towards topics only relating to the celebrities on the leaderboard - If a user now types a "Subject/Entity" that does not relate to a celebrity on the leaderboard - will/should the system still allow users to insert the subject (whatever it may be) and if it does not relate to one of the celebrities on our leaderboard or induction queue - then the system will apply the "Misc" category pill to display at the top right of the vote card and those cards will display when a user selects "Misc" as a filter beside the other filters The vote card does show a category pill at top right though (Music, Sports, Tech, Politics, Creator, Business etc) so we will need a "Misc" pill for this vote card as well - to display if the card is related to somethign outside of our standard category list - with that said - the modal to suggest may need a field to determine which category pill will apply - whether it is misc or our set list (Music, Politics, Business, Tech, Creator, Sports).

Please generate the best prompt possible for Replit - I don't want the same mistake as before