Regaridng the recent build to include dedicated url's for the "Real-World Markets" - I have attached a screenshot of the dedicated url page for the test card market that I created. It is looking great - so no need to chnage design necessarily - however, there are some issues which need to be addressed. Will go from top to bottom: 1. The "Outcome" section where it shows the two %'s... it is currently showing 50% in the green block and 50% in the red block... however, in the backend for the seed split - I entered in different numbers (I recall 135 for Yes (Green) and 49 for No (Red)) which I believe should display that % split on this url page. 2. The Total Pool is showing at 0 which makes sense because no user has allocated credits (future real money at phase 2) but how can we show a pool at the start as part of seed. 3. Participants are also showing at 0 - however, I inputed seed counts as detialed above - should seed not display here (then real users will add over and above seed? 4. The closing date is displaying as 10 Feb 2026 which I guess explains why it has "Ended" at the top - however, I selected June 30 2026 in the backend when creating. 5. Place Your Prediction container: 7.1 It had "Yes" as default - however - to open the url I selected the "No" button - so it should have shown "No" as selected. 7.2 Also - there is an option to "Change" the predict option - which I selected - but then there is not option to either select "Yes" or "No" to reselect option for prediction - it just displays stake amount field. 7.3 I am unable to select "Place Prediction" button. 6. Regarding opening the url page - I can only open by selecting the "Yes" or "No" button. I think it should also open if a user selects the main heading on the card. I was going to say if the user selects anywhere on the card - however, could this be an irritation for users if they mistakenly select the card and open the url without intending to on Mobile. 7. See attached screenshot of the 3 cards beside eachother (each card different type of prediction as explained above). The heights of each card are different - causing the UI to appear unorganised. I am thinking we fix the height to a certain px so they are all equal in hieght and then if there are multiple rows of cards stacked - will appear more organised. I do understand the "Multiple option" card has more details (more options to predict on) so it makes sense that it is higher height to accomodate that - but what would you suggest to optimise this? By default it is displaying 4 prediction options - maybe we reduce this to 3 by defualt on this market type? Also regarding the height - I notice the "description" text below the main heading on the card that it does not wrap to next row - maybe the text on "Yes/No" cards and "Up/Down" cards should wrap so users can read more about the description - but I am open to your ideas. Regarding Backend Admin Portal: I created 3 different markets, 1 for Yes/No, another for Up/Down and another for multiple options: 1. After creating - there is no option to reopen the modal to edit. There should be an edit button on the row beside the existing "Settle Market" and "Delete" icons. (e.g. the "Trending Polls" rows have an "edit" button and an "Archive" button - the others should have the same) 2. You will notice the avatar beside the heading is not there anymore - whereas it was there when the cards were "Community Predictions" - I want the avatar placeholder to return to its position besdie the main heading and subtitle. Regarding the image to display - this should be added when creating the market in the admin portal. There should be two ways an image is selected/added: 1. When selecting prediction options to list in the backend - there should be an option to select an existing celebrity on our leaderboard or input a custom option/person that is unrelated to the leaderboard. If the system identifies one of the options is an existing person on the leaderboard (e.g. Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Taylor Swift etc) then I should be able to select that celebrity and it will be inputed to that option and automatically display the image of that person that is already displayed throughout FamDex of that person. 2. If you type in an option and the system cannot find/ID that it is a celebrity already on FameDex - then I will be required to upload an image to be displayed beside that option. N.B. if the card is a multple choise market - then the main avatar beside the heading can be different. For example - "Who will be the Republican nominee for the next presidential election" - the main Avatar image can be the USA flag - then each option (Donal Trump, JD Vance, Marco Rubio, etc) will then require to upload a photo or a photo will be automatically associated. In the case of the options I just listed (Donal Trump, JD Vance, Marco Rubio) - these individuals are already on FameDex leaderboard and as such - image will automatically be selected and there won't be a need to upload a image manually.