This is a very good direction, and it stays inside your constraint (no user-facing UI “health” stuff). Replit’s plan is basically the “correct end state” for snapshots.

A few tight notes so you lock it in properly and don’t reintroduce the issue later:

What Replit did right (✅)

Tightened the time filter to timestamp = date_trunc('hour', timestamp)

This is the right “ingest bucket” invariant. No more “minute <= 3” ambiguity.

Added snapshot_origin and set it to 'ingest' on ingest writes

Huge debugging win, tiny schema cost. Perfect.

Added origin filters everywhere (snapshot_origin='ingest' + hour-trunc)

Belt + braces. If anything ever writes bad rows again, they won’t surface.

This is all robust and not UI-facing.

The one thing I’d still add (non-UI, high ROI)
Add a DB-level constraint to enforce the invariant

Right now you’re enforcing it in code via query filters, which is good, but the best place to prevent garbage is the database.

If you can, add:

CHECK constraint: timestamp = date_trunc('hour', timestamp) when snapshot_origin='ingest'

Or even stricter: always enforce it for all rows, and if you ever want PREVIEW later, use a different table.

This prevents:

accidental writes,

future refactors,

“one-off scripts” writing junk.

If you don’t want constraints yet, the next best thing is:

a BEFORE INSERT trigger that rejects ingest rows not hour-truncated.

Small but important: make snapshot_origin an enum (or at least validated)

If it’s just a string column, enforce allowed values:

('ingest','preview','backfill')

Otherwise one typo ('Ingest') will quietly create a new “origin class” that your filters won’t include.

Verify you didn’t accidentally hide legit data (quick sanity list)

After this change, double-check in logs / DB (internal only, not UI):

Latest ingest run writes exactly 100 snapshots with:

snapshot_origin='ingest'

timestamp exactly on the hour

All chart/history endpoints return the same number of points as before minus the polluted ones

“Why they’re trending” / context features that read snapshots still work (they can silently break if they depended on the old loose query)

One more robustness improvement for the engine (not UI)

Now that you’re stable, the next “worth it” engine hardening is:

Add job_run_id to ingest outputs (logs + snapshots optional)

Not for users—just for you and debugging.

generate a UUID at ingest start

include it in every log line + health summary

optionally store it on snapshots

That makes future investigations trivial:

“these 100 rows came from run abc123; what was source health then?”

If you only want one field, snapshot_origin already gets you 80–90% of the benefit, so this is optional.

Bottom line

Replit’s implementation is the right move:

✅ tighten filter to hour-trunc

✅ add snapshot_origin

✅ filter by origin everywhere

If you add one more thing, make it a DB constraint enforcing hour-trunc for ingest snapshots. That’s the “never again” guardrail.