 I wanted to ensure I am not jumping the gun in terms of steps I should be completing first - before addressing the "My Account" generic User Profile section. We have completed most of the design - we are just in the final stretch. We do need to refine and update the algorithm of collecting data from API's to drive our trend scores - but we are planning to refine this just before we launch since we know the API data pulls through - it is just not perfect yet. There may be a few other things we change - and my main thing is I don't want to have to redo steps if Replit has to revert or whatever - which we unfortunately expererienced when linking a new Supabase project.



3. N.B. we are trying to come up with ideas to address a major obstacle - which is: "Critical Mass" at phase 1. The problem - when we launch and new users visit our site - we are under the impression that if users notice the "Total Votes" count, on any of the voting (including "Cast Your Vote" and all other vote cards) or prediction cards, being very low (say 0, 10, 100, even 500) that they will automatically think this site does not have authority or clout and is just a fly-by-night initiative. We really need to come up with a powerful solution to address this concern - especially the beginning when we are trying to build our user base and for users to interact on the site (Vote, Predict and return). Our thoughts on a potential idea is as follows: While our vision is for FameDex to be the most trusted voting platfrom long term, if we cannot grow a user base - then this vision is meaningless. With that said and to tackle this issue in the beginning - we were wanting to consider configuring a base number of dummie votes to display on the cards (since there is a "Totalo Votes" count on the cards and in results). However, these dummie votes should not remain forever. We are thinking to have a "burn" function built in mathematically - which says that for every 5 real person votes - then one of these dummie votes falls away (almost like how a crypto would burn and it is built into the blockchain so this works automatically - however, our won't be on the blockchain - it will need to be configured by Replit). For every 5 votes 1 vote falls away - this will allow the total votes to continue to grow organically - and at the same time ensure that all the dummie votes dissapear at a future date (will be different for every celebrity vote card depending on the dummie base vote count and how many real people end up voting on that particular card). This, from my limited understanding, seams to be quite a technical challenge and I would not be able to figure this out with AI... but based on what I have seen... I am confident between you and Replit, we can get it done correctly. I would like you to be honest - if this is going to cause more issues than potential upside or if it is something that can be built and managed without complications. If it means just setting the structure appropriately - then I am happy to ensure this is done right. The reason I am explaining point 3 above - is because I want you to reference point 2 - where I noted if I am jumping the gun - and this poiont 3 is something I am unsure I should be addressing now or just before launch.



4. Regarding: "Public Profile Create /u/:handle (public profile page) From My Account, add “View Public Profile” → /u/:handle"": what does this reference and the importance of it? Is it for other users to view another FameDex user profile (their votes / their predictions etc)? If so... are we able to configure that a user can opt to haev their public profile "Public" or "Incognito" should they want to remain anonymous.



5. Regarding: "Gamification values must be fetched from backend (not hardcoded). xp_points and virtual_credits are cached aggregates. Also show “Rank” derived from XP." This is great - however, is it worth mentioning again to Replit that the plan for phase 2 is to incorporate "real" wallets so people can either remain using virtual credits or they can deposit real money to play predictions. Even though this is going to be hidden (not an option at phase 1 launch) - we want to keep reminding Replit to ensure this structure remains in place - so it is a matter of turning it on at a later date without unnecessary obstacles or breaking the setup.