Act as a Senior Frontend Engineer.

Task: Fix “Sticky Toggle” Scroll Position When Switching Tabs

We have 3 sticky toggles on the Home page: Leaderboard, Vote, Predict.

Bug: If a user scrolls down while one toggle is active, then taps another toggle, the page preserves the previous scroll position and lands the user in the middle/bottom of the newly selected section.
Expected: Whenever a toggle is selected, the UI must jump the user to the top of that section (immediately below the sticky toggle bar), every time.

Requirements

On toggle click, scroll to the top of the selected section (Leaderboard / Vote / Predict).

Must work only after scrolling (this is where the bug shows), and also remain correct when not scrolling.

Must account for the sticky header/toggle height so the section header isn’t hidden behind it.

No visual redesign and do not change any other behavior of these sections.

Implementation Guidance (preferred approach)

Add a ref anchor at the top of each section:

leaderboardTopRef

voteTopRef

predictTopRef

When activeToggle changes (or on toggle click), run:

ref.current?.scrollIntoView({ behavior: "smooth", block: "start" })

then apply an offset for sticky header height using window.scrollBy({ top: -HEADER_OFFSET_PX })

Use a reliable header offset:

either measure the sticky toggle element height via getBoundingClientRect().height

or use a constant (only if you already have one used elsewhere)

Use requestAnimationFrame() (or a short setTimeout(0)) before the scroll so the DOM updates to the new section first.

Acceptance Tests

Scroll halfway down Leaderboard, tap Vote → lands at top of Vote section (not midway).

Scroll near bottom of Vote, tap Predict → lands at top of Predict section (not midway).

Repeat across all toggles, including rapid switching.

Confirm section titles are visible and not hidden under the sticky toggle bar.

Prompt 2 — Make Underrated/Overrated button colors match People’s Voice buttons

Act as a Senior Frontend Engineer.

Task: Normalize Button Colors for “Underrated / Overrated” Cards

In the FameDex Vote ecosystem, the Underrated / Overrated cards have green and red buttons.

Issue: The green/red styling on these buttons does NOT match the green/red styling used in The People’s Voice cards (Support/Neutral/Oppose).
Goal: Make them visually consistent by reusing the same green and red button styles (colors, border, glow/hover states, etc.) already used in The People’s Voice.

Requirements

Update Underrated button styling to match Support button styling from The People’s Voice.

Update Overrated button styling to match Oppose button styling from The People’s Voice.

This must apply everywhere these buttons appear:

Vote page “Underrated / Overrated” section cards

Home page Vote toggle “Underrated / Overrated” card

Any overlays (“View all celebrities”) for this section

No changes to The People’s Voice buttons themselves (those are the reference standard).

Do not change layouts, spacing, labels, or logic — color/variant consistency only.

Implementation Guidance (preferred approach)

Identify the exact classnames/variants used for:

People’s Voice “Support” (green)

People’s Voice “Oppose” (red)

Apply the same variant/class to:

Underrated → use Support’s class/variant

Overrated → use Oppose’s class/variant

If those styles are defined as shared components (e.g., a <Button variant="support">), reuse that.

If those styles are plain Tailwind class strings, extract them into shared constants or a shared variant so we don’t drift again.

Acceptance Tests

Side-by-side comparison: Underrated button should look like Support; Overrated should look like Oppose.

Hover/active/disabled states remain consistent with People’s Voice.

No other UI elements change.