I want to optimise the "Curate Profile Image" section.  The Curate Profile Image section is located at the bottom of the main "Vote" Page (referenced as Curate on Vote Page in rest of prompt) as well as at the bottom of the "Home" Page when the "Vote" toggle is selected on the Home Page (Referenced as Curate on Home Page in rest of this prompt). 

Both Curate profile sections on each page are not ideal and both are different. But I like some ideas from each so we are essentially going to create a hybrid but also optimise the final version.  I would say they are 50% coomplete - so we have alot of upgrading to do. 

The curate profile element on the "Home" Page when the "Vote" toggle is selected is comprised of a grid of 4 photos whereas the Curate Profile Image section located at the bottom of the main "Vote" Page is comprised of two photos beside one another.  I much prefer the curate profile element on the "Home" Page when the "Vote" toggle is selected comprised of a grid of 4 photos. Since we have multiple photos of each celebrity (and in future there may be much more photos for each celebrity as higher ranked users will be able to suggest profile photos to be displayed for other FameDex users to vote on those photos as well) - the 4 grid photo block is better - with that said - we can adjust both to have 4 grids. 

Currently - the setup on our site is that the curate profile section shows one celebrity at a time - and when you vote on an image - the card then rolls over to the next celebrity - allowing the FameDex user to then vote on another celebrity image and so on.  1. Since the grid will only preview 4 photos of each celebrity at a time - we want to provide the user with the option to "View All" image options of a specific celebrity - this can be "View Results".  If they select the  "View Results" images while on a celebrity card - then an overlay should open which displays all the images of that celebrity in order of how many votes each image has received - then allowing the user to vote on more images should they choose of that celebrity.  Then they can simply exit the overlay and continue to the next celebrity (the overlay design (not content) can be similar to what we have already designed for other overlays across the site when "Viewing All" to maintain consistency). 2. 

There is an existing "View Results" button on the Header section (only on the Curate Profile section on the Vote page) as you will see in the screenshot.  This "View Results" button normally goes to a page which displays all the images for a single celebrity in order of ranked number of votes.  The page is currently broken - see attached screenshot of the error page it goes to.  When it works as intended - this page is nice and can serve as the "View Results" images for that celebrity - but maybe we can improve on it and we can also use "View Results" text for button and N.B. place it on the celebrity card itself - since that "View Results" button is relevant to the specific celebirty. 

Since the current layout is that it just displays one celebrity at a time (allowing the user to roll over from one card to another as they vote which is great and we want to keep it that way) - a FameDex user may want to view all cards for celebrity photos - not just one at a time.  That said - we want to also include a button on the header section (replaced with existing "View Results" which say's "View All" and this button will open a similar overlay as we have done elsewhere. On this "View All" overlay - all celebrity "Curate Profile Image" cards should be displayed so FameDex users can sift through the cards and vote on celebrity images as they wish- without having to roll from one to another.  The cards in this overlay can display as a 2-grid layout - as it is existing on Vote Page Curate Profile section - since these will be all celbrities and a bit too much if a 4-grid layout.  The overlay should maintain similar setp to other overlays we did - for example - the attached screenshot which shows the overlay for the "The Peoples Voice" cards in "View All Tpoics" overlay view. This overlay has the category filters (All, Favorites, Tech, Politics, Business, Music, Sports, Creator) at the top left so users can filter cards displayed as well as "search bar" on the top right, with an x button to close the window. 

Since FameDex users will be 

The category filter toggles (All, Favorites, Tech, Politics, Business, Music, Sports, Creator) are not currently functional on either curate profile page (home or vote pages).  If I select "Tech"  filter for example - then the existing card (if not tech e.g. Taylor Swift which is "Music") should be replaced with a card which is aligned with "Tech" (such as Elon Musk) and then if the Tech Filter stays selected - only celebrity cards relating to "Tech"should be displayed thereafter until such time the filter is changed or the user exhausts all tech card votes. 

Currently - there are only 8 card options displayed (one at a time) allowing me to vote a different celebrity image for 8 celebrities and then there is no more to show (as seen in the screenshot) where it say's "Start Over".  What it should have is all 100 celebrities (unless filtered by industry category type) and a user can can through all 100 and then at the end it either remains as "Start Over" or it just rolls over and starts agian (however - N.B when it starts from the begining - (very importantly) the system should automatically display different image options for each celebrity the 2nd time - since the user may have not "View Results" which displays all the photo options for each celebrity - so for user experience that user must see different image options to vote on for that celebrity.

Currently - to vote for a celebrity image within the grid - all a user does is select a photo which is great functionality.  However - we want to ensure that a user can expand a celebrity image if they want.  This is because the 4-grid (or even two grid) layout is small on mobile.  So I think in the "View Results" overlay where is will display all celebrity photos for a specific cebrity - we need to allow a user to expand a selected photo if they wish.  On the existing overlay "View Results" it displays the photo on the left and the "Vote" button on the right - so in order to vote on the "View Results" overlay - they select the "Vote" button - but if they select the row or image iteslf - maybe that should expand the specific image. I am open to ideas on this. 

On the Curate Home version - there is a "Skip" button - I think this is great and we should include it on the "Curate Profile on Vote Page" as well - should a user not want to vote on a specific celebrity. 

The Curate Profile on the Home Page has image labels (referencing a moment where the cebrity was when the photo was taken - however, these are AI generated - so we want to remove the labels - only display the images) 

The Curate Profile on the Home Page has the industry category label ("Music" for example) is positioned below the Celebrity name - it should be repositioned to the top right of the card (as it correctly appears on the Vote Page Curate Profile card).

On the Curate Profile on the Vote Page - when you vote on a cebrity photo and then click "Next" and it goes to the next card - before the images load - the height of the vote card itself reduces in height and then expands to the correct hieght again after the images load.  I would prefer if the entire card is fixed height and doesnt drop in size when changing to new celebrity card. 

Otherwise - Replit should keep everything else the same - for example the ? tooltip which opens a modal on "How it Works" 