Now I want to shift focus to populating card content for the remaining predict sections – which will be displayed as cards on the frontend and a list of all the cards must display in the backend admin portal for each remaining Prediction section on the AuthoriDex website. 

For this exercise – we are going to avoid editing or refactoring anything to do with the “Open Markets” section known as “Real-World Markets” since this is already complete – and is not relevant to this prompt. 

The remaining prediction sections we need to address is: “The Weekly Jackpot”, Weekly Up/Down Predictions” , “Head-to-Head Battles”, “Top Gainer Predictions” (all sections below the "Countdown Timer" header in the attached screenshot). Basically – we need to populate each of these sections with cards in the frontend (card designs already finalised) and also link these displayed cards to the backend portal - configured correctly for each of these sections in an organised format with ability to open and edit if necessary. 

Up to this point - we have had placeholders to display as cards within each section as we have focused on optimising design and layout. We are now ready to launch the web app and we need to populate these sections with actual cards that AuthoriDex users will predict on into the future. Since they are native - Replit should easily be able to populate and link each card to the admin portal.  

Prediction Section Types: 
1.	Real-World Markets: Already complete – no action required here for this prompt. 
Please note the below predictions are native to AuthoriDex, and when I say native, I mean that all cards will relate to a celebrity that already exists on our leaderboard (images and names already available to apply to each card) and also the predictions are tied to their “Trend Score” which is a Trend Score unique to AuthoriDex.  Please note all the below prediction section card designs are already complete – so Replit can reference these cards (not make any design changes): 
2.	The Weekly Jackpot: The weekly jackpot is native to AuthoriDex – as you already know – the purpose of the weekly jackpot is for users to predict on what the exact Trend Score will be at the close of the week (11:59 pm on Sunday) and the user who guesses the closest “Trend Score” number will win the pot.  All the celebrity images and names are already configured and connected to the Weekly Jackpot widget – now we just need to be able to see the full list of celebrity rows in the backend admin portal – so that we can edit and resolve anything pertaining to that jackpot.  Such as “Settle Markets” manually if need be (although we are intending to make this automatic settlements) and also change the status of each: “Live (Active)”, “Archived (Hidden)”, Inactive (Visible but dimmed)”… since at phase 1 – we may not want users to be able to predict trend scores on all celebrities on the leaderboard but we will decide – I just want that functionality to curate the frontend. 

3.	Weekly Up/Down Predictions: These are native to AuthoriDex and there is no need for us to upload anything. All Replit needs to do is automatically generate 100 cards in this section to accommodate cards for all celebrities on the AuthoridDex Leaderboard.  We would however like the ability to configure visibility in the backend admin portal – specifically whether the card will be “Live (Active)”, “Archived (Hidden)”, Inactive (Visible but dimmed)”.  We should also have the ability to add new Weekly Up/Down prediction cards from the admin portal. As and when new inductees are added to the leaderboard – we will need to create a new Weekly Up/Down prediction for that new inductee and will be ideal if this was automatically added as and when new inductee is added to the leaderboard – then we can configure in the backend portal whether the new inductee card should be visible or hidden in the frontend. 

4.	Head-to-Head battles: These are native to FameDex and there is no need for us to upload anything. N.B. There is no need for Replit to create/populate Head-to-Head Battle Cards for every celebrity on the 100 leaderboard. We will curate around 20 cards to display in this section for phase 1 and we will add additional into the future – we must however have the ability to edit and or create new Head to Head Battle cards from the admin portal.  Must have two fields for two linked celebrities. 

5.	Top Gainer predictions: as mentioned above, are native to FameDex and there is no need for us to upload anything. Same with the Head to Head Battles - There is no need to upload Top Gainer Prediction Cards for every celebrity on the 100 leaderboard. These prediction markets are industry category specific (Tech, Politics, Business, Sports, Creator, Music) and will be used for AuthoriDex users to predict who they believe will be the "Top Gainer" within a specific industry category label. The number of cards will be equal to the number of industry categories we have which is 6 (namely: Tech, Politics, Business, Sports, Creator, Music). Must have up to 20 linked celebrity fields to add in the create modal. 

We will also need to address the seed data to apply to these predict cards.  For the predict cards – we need to design the seed data application differently compared to the vote section (since votes remain static) – and the AuthoriDex native predictions will reset weekly (following the close of the weekly market at 11:59 pm every Sunday) so the seed data needs to automatically apply every Monday and Tuesday (small batches every hour to sum a total) and we would need to ensure appears as if real users are predicting since at phase 1 launch we need to mitigate the empty restaurant problem.  This will be easier to achieve at first since we are using a credit system to play/predict (not real money until we have gained sufficient users) so we can almost configure this as a game (users betting against the computer). 

Additional notes: Regarding the create modal - there is no need for Title, Sub-title, slug, resolution date etc as these are already addressed natively.  However, we will need to be able to select "Visibility, Seed configuration, Featured toggle.  There will also need to be a field to add/edit "Linked celebrity" (or celebrities pertaining to the sections which will have multiple celebrities such as Top Gainer Predictions (up to 20 linked celebrities) and Head to Head Battles (two linked celebrities). 