Ok, I would like to focus on the Fame Index (trend score engine) now. We have decided that we want to remove the offical X API. It is too expensive for us to keep running and scaling at this point, we will consider using it again later down the line. We want to stick with the lower cost API's for now, which allows us to do more frequent calls and keep the trend score pure. We are happy with the leaderboard as it updates relatively frequently and the people who are trending in real life (like Nicki Minaj lately) do seem to rise to the top on our leaderboard, which means the Fame Index (trend score engine) is working and the API's are pulling good trend data, even though we ran out of XAPI credits, so it's not essential to keep the trend score engine runnign smoothly, and due to it's high cost we can remove it for now. So please take note of the following and respond with your thoughts and suggestions:

1. Remove offical X API from our trend score engine algorithm. We want you to keep the X API key saved houwever, as we will use it for "Platform Insights" (See individual pages where we have a placeholder for platform insights). We will build that in soon with your help. But we just want it removed from the trend score engine as mentioned.

2. Regarding the above note, if you feel it is improtant that we use X data for just our "Mass" part of our trend score engine (not velocity) i.e how many followers they have. We would be happy to consider to continue using the X API just to check occasionally if their follower count has changed, as long as this doesn't use up a lot of credits, and then we can rely heavy on caching. Alternatively perhaps you could suggest some other tool/scraper/source that could allow us just to check their follower count every now and then without using the official API. We have paid for a year upfront of the X API "basic teir", however we feel it is not suited to the frequent updates for our trend score engine and would be better suited to our "platform insights" section.

2. Please note I have purchased additional Serper .dev API credits. I have also turned on auto-renew for more credits every time we run low. I remember you said our credits ran out and our trendscore engine was no longer calling from that source. Please do a check that it is back up and running again.