I have attached images of the "Create" modal for the "Matchups" section in the "Prediction CMS" section that can be found in the backend admin portal. I need to make some additions to this create modal. 1. Image assignment for avatars on cards: 1.1 Currently - when you start typing into the option A and/or option B field on the modal - there is no "suggestions". When I start typing - name suggestions from the leaderboard should appear based on the letters I am typing in. e.g. if I start typing "Tay" then Taylor Swift will appear and I should be able to select Taylor Swift and if I do select Taylor Swift then the main profile image for Taylor Swift (the image that displays across Authoridex for Taylor Swift) should automatically apply to that avatar (for both option A and option B fields). 1.2. Since matchups (vote on A vs B) are not limited to celebrities on the leaderboard - if the option A and/or option B field does not relate to a celebrity on the leaderboard (where there won't be any suggested name to select from the leaderboard) we need an option to upload an image to serve as the avatar image for both option A and/or option B. Please add a field to upload image for each "A" vs "B" field (option A and option B) when creating a matchup. 2. Add: Visibility dropdown: Draft (Admin Only), Live (Active), Hidden, Inactive (Visible but dimmed), Archived (Hidden) 3. Add “Featured” Toggle 4. We also need to build a dedicated url for the Matchups section - so the create modal will require a "slug" field entry (use the same design for slug entry from Trending Polls "create modal" section). If a user selects the “Main Heading” on the card on the frontend – then the dedicated url will open. The landing page can have similarities to the dedicated url page designed for the “Trending Polls” card (vote widget, results widget, user discussion section at the bottom etc) – but should also be unique to the purpose of the Matchups votes card - Based on the purpose of the Matchup votes – (vote on who/what your prefer) – make some additional must-have suggestions to include in the dedicated url design for matchups. I have also attached screenshots of the "Trending" polls "Create Modal" with red outline boxes indicating what to copy from Trending Polls to Matchups.