eplit’s refinement (unique icons + rename to “Hot Movers”) is exactly the right fix. ✅ That removes the semantic collision without deleting useful signal from the row badges.

Where things went sideways is the empty leaderboard. Replit’s explanation (“table got emptied, ingestion will repopulate”) might be true, but it’s a brittle pattern—you don’t want the UX to depend on a long-running job finishing cleanly every time.

Here’s what I’d send Replit as “do this next” feedback.

1) Fix the root cause: never show 0 rows because ingestion is mid-run
The likely cause

Your pipeline probably does something like:

DELETE/TRUNCATE trending_people

fetch external APIs

compute scores

insert rows

If the server restarts, GDELT hangs, rate limits, or two ingestions overlap, you end up stuck with an empty table (or partially written data).

The correct pattern (atomic publish)

Have ingestion write to a staging table, then swap in one step:

Option A: staging table + swap

Write to trending_people_next

When finished, in a transaction:

TRUNCATE trending_people

INSERT INTO trending_people SELECT * FROM trending_people_next

(or rename tables if your DB setup supports it cleanly)

If ingestion fails, the current trending_people stays intact.

Option B: upsert in-place

Don’t delete first.

Upsert (INSERT ... ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE) the 100 people.

Then mark anything not updated in this run as stale (or delete after success).

Option C: “last_good_run” pointer

Store leaderboard results keyed by run_id

App reads the most recent “successful” run_id only

Any of these prevents the “0 results” state.

2) Add a guardrail: never allow overlapping ingestion runs

Your earlier logs showed concurrent runs at one point. That can absolutely cause table wipes + half-writes.

Tell Replit to add a simple lock:

DB advisory lock (best)

Or a ingestion_runs row with status=running and a TTL

If a run is active, skip the next trigger

3) Add a UI fallback so the app never looks broken

Even with atomic publish, sometimes data genuinely won’t be available (fresh DB, first day, etc.). So:

If leaderboard query returns 0:

Show a friendly empty-state panel:

“Leaderboard is updating…”

“Last updated: <timestamp>”

A “Retry” button that refetches

If you have any cached last result in memory or localStorage, show it with a “stale” label.

This turns “blank app” into “live system currently updating.”

4) Quick sanity checks Replit should do immediately

These are fast and will pinpoint where it broke:

Does trend_snapshots still have recent rows?
If yes, ingestion is at least writing snapshots.

Is trending_people empty because of a truncate?
If yes, confirm ingestion “publish” step happens only at end.

Is ingestion failing before it reaches publish?
Common culprits: GDELT timeouts, rate limiting, server restarting (dev hot reload), or cron auth.

Are you in dev mode while running ingestion?
HMR restarts can interrupt long jobs. In dev, ingestion should be triggered in a separate worker process or disabled.

5) The icon/copy changes: one small extra improvement

Now that you’ve separated meanings:

Keep the flame only on Hot Movers

And consider adding a tiny label under Hot Movers like:

“Biggest % gainers (24h)”

That makes it impossible to misinterpret.

What I’d message Replit (copy/paste)

“Icon collision fix is perfect.”

“But we can’t ever show an empty leaderboard because ingestion is running.”

“Please make ingestion publish atomic: write to staging, then swap in one transaction (or upsert).”

“Add a DB lock to prevent overlapping ingestions.”

“Add UI empty-state fallback if 0 rows.”

“Confirm why trending_people got cleared (truncate-at-start pattern).”