There is an issue regarding where the page lands on another page after scrolling from the original page. For example - if I am on the "Home" Leaderboard page and I scroll down - then I click the "Vote" page page link to be redicrected to "Vote" page - the view on the "Vote" page lands down somewhere in the middle of the "Vote" page. This is not the best UX. Correct UX - if a user redirects to another page by clicking a page link - then the view should be at the top of the new page - not in the middle. For example - if I am on the Home "Leaderboard" page and I am busy scrolling (somewhere in the middle of the Leaderboard page for example) and I select another page (e.g. "Vote" or "Predict" page) then when I land on on the new page - I must land at the top of the new page - not anywhere below. This issue occurs on Mobile and Desktop views. N.B. the same should not apply if a user selects "back" button (left arrow) when applicable. If at any point a user selects the "Back" button - then the previous page should land where the user was before they followed the link to the existing page where the "Back" button is displayed. An example where this is currently an issue: When I am on the Leaderboard and I select a celebrity on the leaderboard which redirects me to their "Profile" page - there is a "Back" button displayed. If I select the "Back" button - the page then redirects to the top of the Home "Leaderboard page which is incorrect UX. Correct UX - if I select a celebrity on the leaderboard and am redirected to their profile page - then I select the "Back" arrow link - the page must return to the same point on the "Leaderboard" where that particular celebrity row is on the leaderboard. E.g. if I select "Elon Musk" on teh leaderboard which takes me to his profile and then I select the "Back" arrow link to return to leaderboard - the view I should see is the leaderboard with Elon Musk in view (not the top of the home "Leaderboard" page again which would require me to scroll down to find the same celebrity again. Does this make sense? There are two requests here but they both relate to where the view lands on a page after a redirect link is selected.