Now I want to shift focus to uploading content for the vote and predict sections - particularly referencing the cards to display in each section within the Vote and Predict sections on the FameDex website. Up to this point - we have had placeholders to display as cards within each section as we have focused on optimising design and layout. We are now getting close to the point where we are ready to launch the web app and we need to populate these sections with actual cards that FameDex users will vote/predict on into the future. Firstly - I want to focus on the best format to upload these cards to Replit - so Replit can accurately populate these sections. There are two parts to this - 1. Batch Upload: initially - we want to be able to batch upload data to populate these sections - since we need to upload many cards relating to different topics to get the bulk of cards displayed within each section. 2. Admin panel: We need to then be able to both manage the cards and also have the ability to create cards one-by-one in the admin panel. We should also be able to add/create cards and have them present in the admin panel but option to hide them from the front-end until such time we want them displayed for FameDex users to vote. 
Vote section types: 
1. Face-Offs: (N.B. for this prompt) these vote cards are for FameDex Users to vote on option A or option B - do you prefer this or that. e.g. Do you prefer SpaceX or Blue Origin. I have attached a screenshot of the FameDex user interface to "suggest" a Face-Off card and the data required to upload (FYI - "Category" refers to industry label - tech, business, sports etc)
2. Trending Polls (Previously "The People's Voice): (N.B. for this prompt) these cards are for FameDex Users to share their vote/opinion on trending topics and current events. Vote Support, Neutral, Oppose on various topics. I have attached a screenshot of the FameDex user interface to "suggest" a Trending Poll card and the data required to upload.
3. Underrated / Overrated: these cards Do Not require batch upload. This section relates to the FameDex leaderboard and is native to FameDex. All Replit needs to do is automatically generate 100 cards in this section to accommodate cards for all celebrities on the FameDex Leaderboard and these cards should be linked to the "Underrated / Overrated" widget on the individual profile page for each celebrity under the "Vote" toggle. 
4. The Induction Queue: We need to upload a CSV of potential new inductees to be listed on the induction queue for FameDex Users to vote on - if they think these inductees should be included in the main leaderboard. We will deal with this separately - so let's not focus on this section for now - but mentioning FYI. 
5. Curate the Profile: this section is already complete - no action needed here. 
Prediction Section Types: 
1. Real-World Markets: (N.B. for this prompt) these prediction markets are related to anything and everything - any topic that has a verifiable answer (like Polymarket) at a certain point in time. These are different to our other predictions on the predict page - since the other predictions are native to FameDex - governed by the Fame Score (Trend Score) associated with each celebrity.
2. Weekly Up/Down Predictions: as mentioned above, are native to FameDex and there is no need for us to upload. All Replit needs to do is automatically generate 100 cards in this section to accommodate cards for all celebrities on the FameDex Leaderboard and these cards should be linked to the "Weekly Up/Down" widget on the individual profile page for each celebrity under the "Predict" toggle. 
3. Head-to-Head battles: as mentioned above, are native to FameDex and there is no need for us to upload. There is no need to upload Head-to-Head Battle Cards for every celebrity on the 100 leaderboard. We will curate around 20 cards to display in this section for phase 1 and these cards should be linked to the "Head-to-Head battles" widget on the individual profile page for each celebrity under the "Predict" toggle (Only for those celebrities that have a "Head-to-Head battle" card relevant to them).
4. Top Gainer predictions: as mentioned above, are native to FameDex and there is no need for us to upload. There is no need to upload Top Gainer Prediction Cards for every celebrity on the 100 leaderboard. These prediction markets are industry category specific (Tech, Business, Sports, Creator, Entertainment) and will be used for FameDex users to predict who they believe will be the "Top Gainer" within a specific industry label. The number of cards will be equal to the number of industry categories we have which is 6 (namely: Tech, Business, Sports, Creator, Entertainment) and these cards should be linked to the "Top Gainer Predictions" widget on the individual profile page for each celebrity under the "Predict" toggle.
For the batch upload - what would be the best format to upload these to Replit? Would it be best to create a separate CSV file for each section - so that when uploaded - Replit knows exactly which section all the data must be applied to. Since the "Face-Offs" cards and "Trending Polls" (previously "The People's Voice" section) require images uploaded when a card is created (unless the card relates to a celebrity on the leaderboard where the main profile photo already on FameDex for that celebrity will be displayed), I think we will need to be able to add these images separately to the cards following a batch upload (which we should be able to do in the admin panel when "managing" managing the cards) since if we use a CSV batch upload - we won't be able to include the images in the CSV batch upload. Also, regarding images - are we going to upload these images to Supabase and then Replit will access the images directly from Supabase to apply to the relevant card (I need guidance on this process and best practice), I am guessing we do not upload directly to Replit - or do we upload to Replit and Replit stores in the Supabase database? 

We will also need to address the seed data to apply to both the vote cards as well as predict cards.  For vote cards – the seed data we apply will remain static – however – for the predict cards – we need to design the seed data application differently – since the FameDex native predictions will rest weekly (following the close of the weekly market at 11:59 pm every Sunday).

N.B. I have provided all the above for context – however – we are going to have to split this entire exercise in separate chunks (not address all at once since that will invite mistakes – as we have seen before on Replit).  What I would like you to do is generate a prompt for Replit Plan – to provide Replit with all the context it requires and the clear objective we want to achieve by proceeding with this exercise.  I want you to ask Replit to provide a step by step plan for us to deal with this exercise to achieve the clear objective and get the best outcome in the end. 
