Yep — your instinct is correct, and Replit’s diagnosis/fix is also correct.

Why Hot Movers was “thrashing” even without new API data

Even if the inputs only change hourly, Hot Movers can still reshuffle if the baseline it compares against keeps moving.

What was happening (as Replit described) is a classic moving reference point bug:

You weren’t comparing “now vs exactly last hour yesterday” in a stable way.

You were comparing “now vs the nearest snapshot to 24h ago”

But because snapshots weren’t truly a single timestamp (each person had a slightly different timestamp during ingestion), “nearest” could land on a different micro-timestamp each time the cache expired.

So the “24h reference snapshot” kept changing → rankChange kept changing → Hot Movers list kept changing.

That’s why it felt like “fake movement.”

Replit’s fix is the right shape ✅

Two key improvements they made are exactly what you want:

Hour-bucketing (date_trunc('hour', ...))

This makes the baseline “yesterday’s 14:00 snapshot hour” instead of “yesterday’s 14:03:12.415 snapshot of some person”.

That alone kills the jitter.

Longer cache TTL

Prevents the system from re-selecting a new reference baseline every minute.

Makes behavior match user expectations: “the board updates when the system updates.”

Their re-test (“identical after 70 seconds”) is a good sanity check.

Two extra upgrades I’d consider (small, but makes this bulletproof)
1) Create a real “ingestion_id” / “batch_id”

Hour-bucketing is great, but the cleanest model is:

Each ingestion run has a run_id

Every snapshot row writes that run_id

“Reference snapshot” becomes: “the ingestion run closest to 24h ago”

Then you always compare run-to-run, not timestamp heuristics.

This eliminates all ambiguity forever (and it also makes audits/debugging way easier).

2) Make the baseline selection deterministic and pinned until next full refresh

Even with hour bucketing, you can go one step further:

Pick a baseline hour (or baseline run) once

Store it in cache/state alongside “last_full_refresh_at”

Only update the baseline when:

a new full ingest completes, or

you cross a defined boundary (e.g., new hour/day)

That guarantees the Hot Movers list doesn’t subtly drift just because “time passed.”

Quick rule of thumb

If users see a list changing but you didn’t actually ingest new external data or meaningful internal signals, they will assume:

it’s buggy, or

it’s “animated/faked.”

So you absolutely want:

stable baseline

stable cache

clear timestamps (“Live” vs “Full”)

Bottom line

Replit’s fix (hour-bucket + longer TTL) is a legit, correct fix for the exact symptom you described, and it matches the mental model you want your users to build.

If you want the “never think about this again” version, add ingestion_run_id to snapshots and select baselines by run, not timestamp.