Now I want to shift focus to the following Vote sections on the Vote page: “Underrated / Overrated” (frontend card additions and backend admin portal) section, the “Curate Profile” section (backend admin portal only), and the “Induction Queue” section (backend admin portal only).

Regarding the “Underrated / Overrated” frontend UI section:
Please note the design is complete and most of the cards are displaying in the frontend, however, not all cards are displaying - N.B. These “Underrated / Overrated” cards are native to AuthoriDex (linked to each celebrity on the leaderboard) and there is no need for us to upload anything. All Replit needs to do is automatically generate cards for each celebrity listed on the leaderboard (Trending _People) in this section to accommodate cards for all celebrities on the AuthoridDex Leaderboard.   Side note: As and when new inductees are added to the leaderboard – we will need to create a new “Underrated / Overrated” card for that new inductee and will be ideal if this was automatically added as and when new inductee is added to the leaderboard (AKA: Trending People list).

Regarding the “Underrated / Overrated” backend portal section: the section toggle is displayed in the backend admin portal – but the list of cards are not displaying in the backend admin portal – with that said – please ensure all the cards on the frontend are displayed in the backend admin portal for each card relating to “Underrated / Overrated” section. Side note: As and when new inductees are added to the leaderboard – we will need to create a new “Underrated / Overrated” card for that new inductee and will be ideal if this was automatically added as and when new inductee is added to the leaderboard (AKA: Trending People list).

Regarding the “Curate the Profile” section: N.B. please note the frontend is fully complete – the design is perfect and all 100 cards are displaying for each celebrity on the leaderboard. With that said – no changes required to frontend.  Regarding the backend admin portal – the section toggle is displayed in the backend admin portal – but the list of cards are not displaying in the backend admin portal – with that said – please ensure all the cards on the frontend are displayed in the backend admin portal for each card relating to “Curate the Profile” section. Side note: As and when new inductees are added to the leaderboard – we will need to create a new “Curate the Profile” card for that new inductee and will be ideal if this was automatically added as and when new inductee is added to the leaderboard (AKA: Trending People list).

Regarding the “Induction Queue” section: N.B. please note the frontend card design is fully complete – however, we still need to upload the list of “Inductees” to add to this section.  Currently – the cards displayed on the frontend “Induction Queue” section are hard coded and can be removed. Regarding the backend admin portal – the section toggle is displayed in the backend admin portal – but nothing is displaying in the backend admin portal – with that said – please ensure we are able to create new cards per inductee in the backend admin portal to then display on the frontend - for each card relating to “Curate the Profile” section. Side note: As and when new inductees are added to the leaderboard – we will need to create a new “Curate the Profile” card, “Underrated / Overrated” card, “Weekly Jackpot, “Weekly Up/Down Prediction” Card, Add the new inductee to the list of Top Gainers in “Top Gainer Predictions” in the category (Tech, Business, Politics etc) for that new inductee and will be ideal if this was automatically added as and when new inductee is added to the leaderboard (AKA: Trending People list).

