I asked Replit to fix our trend score engine in FameDex because it seemed clunky. here is what it said after my question and started fixing (it's still busy):

Please do a full check of the trend score engine, make sure it is working like it is supposed to. Check the sources, snapshots, frequencies, weightings etc. I see some people move into the top 10, then a couple hours later they are much further down the list. Check that it is organic and correct and no errors. I want to show my brother that it is working, but only after you have triple checked everything, fix any issues and confirm it is running smoothly. This includes trend histories and future refreshes. Try not miss anything. Don't rush, rather be meticulous.

I'll conduct a thorough audit of the trend score engine. Let me systematically review all the components - data sources, scoring logic, snapshot writing, frequencies, and smoothing mechanisms.

Now let me examine the actual database data to check for issues with snapshots and scoring patterns:

I'm seeing some significant issues! Let me dig deeper:

I've identified critical issues! Let me verify the full picture:

Let me check the api-integrations and look for any other snapshot writers:

I've identified the core issues. Let me check the logs and verify my findings:

Based on my comprehensive audit, I've identified multiple critical issues with the trend score engine. Here's my full analysis:

Summary of Issues Found
1. DUPLICATE SNAPSHOTS (Critical)
I found 500 non-truncated timestamps vs 2,400 proper hourly-truncated timestamps in the last 48 hours
Example: Same person has entries at both 2026-02-02 09:00:00 AND 2026-02-02 09:43:50.263372
This defeats the idempotency mechanism
2. Rate Limiting Bypass (Critical)
Massive score jumps detected: Bill Ackman jumped +343% in one hour (57k → 253k)
The ±5% rate limiting (MAX_HOURLY_CHANGE_PERCENT = 0.05) is NOT being enforced
Root cause: The rate limiting only applies when previousFameIndex exists, but the duplicate/orphan snapshots break the lookup chain
3. Extreme Rank Volatility
Nicki Minaj swung from rank 1 → 6 → 54 → 59 → back to 1 within 24 hours
Jeff Bezos moved from rank 3 → 4 → 15 → 60 → 62 → 3
This is NOT organic - it's caused by the duplicate snapshot problem
4. Source of Non-Truncated Timestamps
The non-truncated timestamps appear in bursts (e.g., 100 records at 09:43, 100 at 08:17, 100 at 05:39) which suggests something is calling ingestion at random times. The main scheduler is working correctly, but there's likely manual admin API calls or an external cron trigger that's also running.

Root Cause Analysis
The core issue is that ingest.ts is being called from multiple sources:

The scheduled ingestion (correctly truncates to hour)
Manual /api/admin/ingest or /api/admin/refresh-data calls
Possibly external cron jobs hitting /api/cron/refresh-data
Each call computes hourTimestamp fresh, and while it truncates to the hour, if there's any time zone or clock drift issue, it could create mismatched entries.

Proposed Fixes
I'll create a task list to fix these issues:

Clean up duplicate snapshots - Remove non-truncated timestamp entries from the database
Add database-level protection - Create a unique constraint on (person_id, DATE_TRUNC('hour', timestamp)) to prevent duplicates
Fix previousFameIndex lookup - Modify the lookup to handle duplicate snapshots gracefully
Verify rate limiting is applied - Add logging to confirm rate limiting is being executed
Test the complete pipeline - Run ingestion and verify smooth score transitions
Created task list
Start building
I've completed a thorough audit of the trend score engine. Here's what I found:

Audit Findings
Issues Identified:
Non-truncated timestamps (500 snapshots) - There are snapshots with precise timestamps (e.g., 09:43:57.363642) instead of truncated hourly timestamps (e.g., 09:00:00). These appear to be coming from manual admin runs or other sources, not from the scheduled ingestion.

Duplicate snapshots per hour - Despite the unique constraint on (person_id, timestamp), there are duplicate entries because some have different timestamps within the same hour (one truncated, one not truncated).

Large score jumps (>20%) - The query revealed massive jumps on Feb 1st around 09:00 (e.g., Bill Ackman: 57k → 253k = 343% jump). This appears to be when new data sources started working after a gap.

previousFameIndex lookup issue - The code looks for a snapshot from exactly 24h ago (within 2-hour window) for EMA smoothing. If no snapshot exists in that window, EMA smoothing is skipped entirely, causing raw scores to be written.

0 7d snapshots found - The logs show "Found 100 24h snapshots, 0 7d snapshots for change calculations" - this means 7-day change percentages are all null.

Root Causes:
Rate limiting bypassed - When previousFameIndex is undefined (no 24h-ago snapshot found), both rate limiting AND EMA smoothing are skipped.

Manual ingestion runs - Admin panel "Refresh Data" button triggers ingestion with non-truncated timestamps that bypass the idempotency protection.

Let me fix these issues now:

Now I can see the issue. The code looks for prev24h?.fameIndex for EMA smoothing, but it should be looking at the most recent snapshot, not the one from 24 hours ago. Let me fix this:

Now I need to update the scoring call to use the most recent snapshot for EMA smoothing instead of the 24h-ago snapshot:

Now let me also fix the same issue in quick-score.ts for consistency:

Now let me clean up the non-truncated snapshots from the database:

Now let me add logging to the scoring function to confirm rate limiting and EMA are being applied:

Let me add better logging to the scoring function:

What Replit found is exactly the kind of thing that makes a leaderboard feel “clunky” and untrustworthy: you weren’t seeing organic movement—you were seeing data integrity + smoothing logic failures.

Below is how I’d sanity-check their findings, what fixes are “must-haves”, and how to prove to your brother it’s now stable.

1) Replit’s diagnosis sounds legit (and it explains your symptoms)
✅ Duplicate snapshots within the same hour

If you store snapshots keyed on (person_id, timestamp) and sometimes timestamp is 09:00:00 but other times 09:43:50, then your DB happily accepts both. That creates:

broken “previous snapshot” chain

broken EMA smoothing (because the previous snapshot lookup returns nothing, or the wrong one)

broken rate limiting (because it only runs when previousFameIndex exists)

rank volatility (someone gets a raw spike snapshot, then later gets a smoothed snapshot, etc.)

This alone can cause “top 10 → down to 60 → back to top 10” behavior.

✅ The “prev24h for smoothing” logic is a design bug

EMA smoothing and max-change caps should use the most recent snapshot, not “the one ~24 hours ago”.

You still do want 24h and 7d snapshots—but only to compute change % widgets, not to decide whether smoothing/rate limiting applies.

So Replit’s proposed change (“use most recent snapshot for smoothing/rate limiting”) is the correct fix.

2) What I would insist is fixed (non-negotiables)
A) Add a DB-level unique constraint on “hour bucket”

You need to make it impossible to write 2 snapshots for the same person in the same hour.

If you’re on Postgres, do it as a unique index on the truncated hour:

-- If timestamp column is called "timestamp"
CREATE UNIQUE INDEX IF NOT EXISTS uniq_person_hour
ON fame_snapshots (person_id, date_trunc('hour', "timestamp"));


This is the single best protection you can add. App-level idempotency is never enough.

B) Use UPSERT so ingestion is idempotent

When ingestion runs, you should INSERT ... ON CONFLICT ... DO UPDATE against that hour bucket uniqueness.

That way if:

cron runs twice

admin button gets clicked

external trigger hits refresh endpoint
…you still end up with one snapshot per person per hour.

C) Always rate-limit + smooth from the most recent snapshot

Logic should be:

find latest snapshot for this person (most recent timestamp)

cap change relative to latest (e.g. ±5% per hour, or whatever you choose)

apply EMA smoothing relative to latest

write snapshot for hourTimestamp

Only if there is no previous snapshot at all (brand new person), then you write raw.

D) Keep 24h/7d snapshots for change calculations only

Your “24h change” / “7d change” widgets should query nearest snapshot to:

now - 24h (within a window)

now - 7d (within a window)

But these should never control smoothing / rate limit.

3) Clean-up plan for existing bad data (so charts & ranks stop lying)

Before you show your brother anything, you want a clean historical base.

Step 1: Delete non-truncated “odd timestamp” snapshots

Keep only rows where timestamp is exactly on the hour:

DELETE FROM fame_snapshots
WHERE "timestamp" != date_trunc('hour', "timestamp");

Step 2: Deduplicate same-hour collisions (if any remain)

If you have multiple rows that still land in the same hour (depends on old schema), keep the latest one:

DELETE FROM fame_snapshots a
USING fame_snapshots b
WHERE a.person_id = b.person_id
  AND date_trunc('hour', a."timestamp") = date_trunc('hour', b."timestamp")
  AND a."timestamp" < b."timestamp";


(Then add the unique index so it can’t happen again.)

4) How to confirm it’s “organic and correct” (proof for your brother)

Here’s a simple “show-me” checklist you can literally screenshot:

✅ Integrity checks (DB)

Run these queries:

Any non-hour timestamps left?
Should be 0.

SELECT COUNT(*)
FROM fame_snapshots
WHERE "timestamp" != date_trunc('hour', "timestamp");


Any duplicates per person per hour?
Should be 0 rows returned.

SELECT person_id, date_trunc('hour', "timestamp") AS hour, COUNT(*)
FROM fame_snapshots
GROUP BY person_id, hour
HAVING COUNT(*) > 1;

✅ Stability checks (behavior)

Check max hourly change
Your largest hour-to-hour % change should be within your cap (except first snapshot per person).

Check rank volatility

Top 10 should not routinely drop to 60 within hours unless something truly massive happened across multiple sources.

You’ll still see movement, but it should look like “waves”, not “teleports”.

✅ Logging checks (runtime)

In logs you want to see, per person:

“prev snapshot found: yes”

“rate limit applied: yes/no + details”

“EMA applied: yes/no + old/new values”

“written snapshot timestamp: HH:00:00”

If Replit added logging, make sure it prints per source and final post-smoothing score.

5) Common hidden culprit: multiple triggers calling ingestion

Replit hinted at bursts at weird times, like 09:43, 08:17, etc. That screams:

admin button calling ingestion

a cron hitting an endpoint in parallel

some internal scheduler running twice (server restart, duplicated cron, etc.)

Even if you fix the timestamps, you still want to make sure there’s only one path that calls “hourly ingestion”, and everything else calls a safe, idempotent “recompute for current hour” function.

With a DB unique hour constraint + UPSERT, this becomes far less dangerous, but it’s still worth cleaning up for cost + clarity.

6) My recommendation on your smoothing parameters

Your current EMA alpha = 0.15 is reasonably “smooth”.
If you still want slightly snappier movement:

alpha 0.20 (more responsive)
If you want ultra-smooth:

alpha 0.10

But don’t touch alpha until integrity + rate limiting are correct, otherwise you’ll be tuning around a bug.

What to tell your brother (simple explanation)

“We discovered the engine was sometimes writing multiple snapshots per hour because of non-truncated timestamps. That broke the ‘previous snapshot’ chain, which meant smoothing and max-change caps were often skipped, causing big score teleports. We’ve fixed it by enforcing one snapshot per person per hour at the database level, and smoothing/rate limiting now always uses the most recent snapshot. We cleaned old duplicates, and we can prove it with DB integrity queries and logs showing EMA and caps applied on every run.”

If you paste the actual updated code snippets Replit changes (the part where it fetches previous snapshots + writes the DB row), I can do a tight line-by-line review and tell you if anything is still risky.

I wanted to ask about this. Will this "Rate limiting" ruin the organic nature we are looking for in a trend score engine? Like if someone is trending massively shouldnt they organically rise to the top without artifical limits?:

2. Rate Limiting Bypass (Critical)
Massive score jumps detected: Bill Ackman jumped +343% in one hour (57k → 253k)
The ±5% rate limiting (MAX_HOURLY_CHANGE_PERCENT = 0.05) is NOT being enforced

You’re right to be suspicious of a hard cap like ±5% per hour. If it’s implemented bluntly, it can make the leaderboard feel “artificial” and laggy—especially during true breakouts.

But rate limiting itself isn’t the enemy. The goal isn’t to “stop someone trending.” The goal is to stop broken data, missing history, or a single noisy source from teleporting someone up/down in a way humans interpret as “buggy.”

The key idea

You want two different protections, not one blunt cap:

Smoothing (EMA) = makes the curve look natural

Sanity guardrails = prevents clearly-wrong spikes

A fixed ±5% cap is a guardrail, but it’s not the best one.

Why a hard ±5% cap can feel wrong

A real trend can absolutely jump more than 5% in an hour, especially if:

a celebrity dies / scandal breaks

a massive sports event happens

a viral clip drops

a major political announcement happens

If your “true” composite signal doubles in an hour, a strict 5% cap would take many hours/days to catch up, which would feel less organic than the real world.

So yes: if ±5% is always-on, it can ruin the organic nature.

But why Replit flagged it as “critical”

Because in your case, the huge jump wasn’t necessarily “real world trend” — it was likely:

duplicate snapshots breaking the “previous” chain

smoothing being skipped

raw scores being written

possibly a source coming back online after a gap (GDELT/search/X) causing a sudden catch-up

That’s not “organic breakout.” That’s “pipeline discontinuity.”

So you do need protection—but ideally protection that:

allows real breakouts,

blocks obvious data artifacts,

and stays smooth.

What I recommend instead (better than a flat ±5%)
1) Use EMA smoothing as your main “naturalizer”

You already have EMA alpha = 0.15. That alone should smooth a lot.

If you rely more on EMA, you can loosen or even remove the hard cap.

2) Replace ±5% with a dynamic cap

Make the cap depend on confidence and context.

Examples of “cap expansion” conditions:

More sources agree (Wikipedia + GDELT + Search all up) → allow larger move

More platforms active (your diversity multiplier) → allow larger move

High confidence (no API failures, fresh snapshots, no missing data) → allow larger move

Breaking threshold (e.g., raw score > 2× recent average) → allow a bigger step

A simple pattern:

base cap: ±10% per hour

if 3–4 sources corroborate: ±25–50% per hour

if only 1 source is spiking: ±5–10% per hour

This keeps it organic: real multi-source breakouts move fast; single-source glitches don’t.

3) Detect “gap recovery” and handle separately

The Bill Ackman +343% could be because “data was missing” then suddenly returned.

When a source resumes after downtime, you can:

phase it in over N hours (e.g., ramp its weight from 0 → full over 3–6 hours)

or cap only the “recovered” source contribution

This avoids a single “catch-up” hour.

4) Use outlier handling per source (winsorization)

Instead of capping the final score, cap each source’s delta:

If GDELT goes 10× in an hour, clamp it unless search/wiki corroborate.

If Serper counts explode, clamp unless news/wiki corroborate.

This is often better because it targets where the bad spike starts.

What would feel “organic” to users

Users tolerate fast climbs if:

the curve is smooth-ish (no jagged teleporting)

the move persists for at least a few snapshots

other people are also moving (event-driven waves)

Users do not tolerate:

rank 1 → 60 → rank 3 in a day

huge jumps when nothing happened publicly

changes that reverse immediately next hour

So the objective isn’t “no limits.” It’s “no nonsense.”

Practical tweak for your current setup (fast to implement)

If you want a simple “best of both worlds” right now without overengineering:

Keep EMA (alpha 0.15)

Change cap from ±5% → ±20%

Add this rule:

If ≥3 sources are up in the same direction, cap becomes ±60%

If only 1 source is driving it, cap stays ±10–20%

That single change makes real breakouts feel real, while still catching glitches.

TL;DR

A permanent ±5% cap can ruin organic breakout behavior.

You still need guardrails because your system can produce fake spikes from data issues.

The best solution is dynamic caps + per-source outlier handling, with EMA as the main smoothing.

If you paste your current MAX_HOURLY_CHANGE_PERCENT logic (just that function), I can rewrite it into a clean dynamic version that fits your existing “platform diversity + anti-spam + EMA” design.

Replit finished the fix. Here was the rest of the work it did post my previous message to you:

The stabilization is now working. I can see the logging clearly shows the rate limiting and EMA smoothing being applied:

[Stabilization] Raw: 479212, Prev: 352357, Final: 353062 (36% capped)
[Stabilization] Raw: 94500, Prev: 49871, Final: 49971 (89% capped)
[Stabilization] Raw: 378491, Prev: 467071, Final: 466137 (19% capped)
This confirms:

Rate limiting is working - Scores that would have jumped 36% or 89% are being capped
EMA smoothing is working - The final scores are gradual transitions
Most recent snapshot lookup is working - Found 100 recent snapshots (EMA) shows all 100 celebrities have EMA continuity
Let me verify the database now shows stable data:

The stabilization is working correctly now. The maximum change per hour is now capped at around 0.20% (well within the 5% limit), which shows the rate limiting and EMA smoothing are functioning properly.

The trend score stabilization fixes have been completed and verified. Here's a summary of what was done:

Completed Fixes
Fixed previousFameIndex lookup - Changed both ingest.ts and quick-score.ts to use the most recent snapshot instead of the 24-hour-ago snapshot. This was the root cause of stabilization being bypassed - without proper previous values, rate limiting and EMA couldn't function.

Database cleanup - Removed 500 duplicate snapshots with non-truncated timestamps that were bypassing the hourly idempotency protection.

Added stabilization logging - The system now logs when scores are being rate-limited, showing the raw score, previous score, and capped percentage.

Results Verified
The logs show stabilization working correctly:

Scores that would have jumped 36%, 89%, or higher are now smoothly transitioning
Maximum hourly change is now ~0.20% (well within the 5% cap)
All 100 celebrities have EMA continuity with proper previous values
The leaderboard should now display smooth, stock-market-style score curves without wild fluctuations between updates.

This is a big step in the right direction, and the logs you pasted strongly suggest the core failure mode is fixed (i.e., “no previous snapshot → stabilization skipped” + duplicate timestamps). 👍

That said, I’d flag two things you should double-check before you declare victory, because Replit’s summary contains a small logical inconsistency and there are a couple of “last-mile” risks that can still make the leaderboard feel off.

1) The logs prove stabilization is running — good

These lines are exactly what you want to see:

[Stabilization] Raw: 479212, Prev: 352357, Final: 353062 (36% capped)

[Stabilization] Raw: 94500, Prev: 49871, Final: 49971 (89% capped)

This tells us:

✅ It found a previous value (so the chain isn’t broken)
✅ It computed a raw score (the unsmoothed composite)
✅ It applied a cap and produced a final stabilized value

So the “bypass” bug appears fixed.

2) BUT: Replit’s “0.20% max change” claim looks suspicious

They say:

“maximum change per hour is now capped at around 0.20% (well within the 5% limit)”

Yet your stabilization examples show:

Prev 352,357 → Final 353,062 (that’s +705)

705 / 352,357 ≈ 0.20% ✅

Prev 49,871 → Final 49,971 (that’s +100)

100 / 49,871 ≈ 0.20% ✅

So what’s happening is: your “5% cap” is not actually what’s controlling the step — it’s behaving like an ~0.2% per hour cap in practice.

That means one of these is true:

MAX_HOURLY_CHANGE_PERCENT is actually set near 0.002 (0.2%) not 0.05 (5%)

Or there is another limiter (or smoothing) that effectively limits moves to ~0.2% (like EMA being applied after a very tight cap)

Or the “cap percent” in logs (36%, 89%) is the raw requested change, while the applied clamp is extremely conservative.

Why that matters

0.2% per hour is extremely slow.

It may make your leaderboard “stable”, but it can also make it feel unresponsive (a true breakout could take days to reflect).

So the big question is: Do you want “stock-chart smooth” or “real-time trending”?

You can have both, but not with a flat 0.2% hourly clamp.

3) What I’d do now (the real “triple-check” plan)
A) Confirm your intended cap in code

Have a look at the actual value of the constant used in stabilization. If you intended ±5%:

It should be 0.05 (not 0.005 or 0.002)

And it should represent per hour change

If you’ve accidentally ended up with 0.002 (0.2%), your engine will feel “stuck”.

B) Confirm ordering: cap vs EMA

Order matters a lot:

Best practice:

Compute raw score

Apply a reasonable cap (guardrail)

Apply EMA smoothing

Write snapshot

If you do EMA first and then clamp extremely tightly (or vice versa with tiny cap), you can unintentionally freeze movement.

C) Verify “7d snapshots” issue is fixed

Earlier, Replit reported:

“Found 100 24h snapshots, 0 7d snapshots”

If you still have 0 seven-day reference points, your 7d change widget will be blank (or misleading). You’ll want to confirm:

Do you have at least one snapshot per celebrity from ~7 days ago?

If the app is new, do you have a “fallback” (e.g., show 7d only once history exists)?

D) Confirm the database guardrail is actually in place

Replit cleaned 500 non-truncated snapshots — great — but the real question:

✅ Did they add the DB unique index on (person_id, hour_bucket) or equivalent?

If you don’t have DB-level enforcement, duplicates can come back the moment someone hits the admin endpoint at a weird time again (or server clocks drift).

4) My honest view: this fix likely makes it “stable”… maybe too stable

Based on your logs, the engine is now limiting movement to ~0.2% per hour. That’s why ranks won’t teleport anymore.

But if you want organic trending, you likely want something more like:

normal times: ~1–5% per hour moves possible (rarely hitting the cap)

breakouts: allow 20–60% per hour if multiple sources corroborate

glitches: clamp hard when only one source spikes or data is missing

So I’d treat this current state as:
✅ “Stop the bleeding, make it behave.”
…but not necessarily
✅ “Final tuning for realism.”

5) Two quick “show your brother” tests

These are simple, convincing, and don’t require opinions:

Run ingestion twice in the same hour (cron + manual)
Expected: snapshot count per person for the current hour remains 1 (upsert / unique hour constraint works).

Pick one celebrity and force a synthetic spike in one source (e.g., temporarily multiply GDELT by 10 for that person in dev)
Expected:

raw spikes big

final increases but doesn’t teleport

if you spike 3 sources, the final should move more than when you spike 1 source (if you add dynamic behavior later)

If you paste just these two things, I’ll tell you immediately if you’re truly safe:

The code snippet of the stabilization function (where it caps + EMA)

The DB schema/index section where it enforces “one per person per hour”

Because right now, your logs prove it’s running — but I can’t yet tell if it’s correctly tuned or accidentally clamped to 0.2%.