Yep — that screenshot tells us the frontend is still failing the POST /api/admin/trending-polls call (or it’s returning a non-200 and your UI is showing the generic “Failed to create poll”).

Most likely causes (in order of probability):

Linked Celebrity field is sending “Elon Musk” as a string into personId (DB expects UUID), causing the insert to fail.

Backend validation is rejecting something (category value mismatch, missing required field, etc.).

The request is hitting auth middleware and failing (less likely now, since the toast is no longer the “getSession” error, but still possible).

Below is a single consolidated prompt you can paste to Replit to fix this properly, without guesswork.

Prompt for Replit (copy/paste)

We still cannot create a Trending Poll from the Admin UI. Clicking Create Poll shows a red toast: “Create Failed → Failed to create poll” (see screenshot). Please fix this end-to-end.

Goal

When an admin submits the “Create Poll” modal, the poll must be created successfully in trending_polls and appear in the admin list.

1) Add real error visibility (must-do first)

Right now the UI shows a generic failure. Update the AdminDashboard Trending Polls create handler to:

Log the actual fetch response status + response body (JSON) to console in dev

Show the backend error message in the toast (e.g., error.message), not just “Failed to create poll”

Also update the backend POST handler to always return a helpful JSON error:

{ "error": "…human readable…", "details": "…optional…" }

2) Fix Linked Celebrity field (probable root cause)

In the screenshot the “Linked Celebrity” input contains “Elon Musk” (a name). But trending_polls.person_id expects a UUID from tracked_people.id.

Implement one of these (preferred in order):

Preferred:

Make “Linked Celebrity” an autocomplete/select that searches tracked_people and stores the selected row’s id (UUID) into personId.

The field should display the name, but submit the UUID.

Acceptable quick fix:

If the user types text that is not a UUID, submit personId = null and treat it as a custom topic, requiring Image URL (or allow blank).

Also ensure: if personId is set, ignore imageUrl on the frontend (celebrity image should be used).

3) Category: add “Custom Topic” properly

Ensure Custom Topic is allowed in backend validation and stored as category value (decide the exact stored string, e.g. "custom" or "custom_topic" or "Custom Topic"—but be consistent across admin + frontend filters).

Ensure the create request passes a valid category string that the backend accepts.

4) Timeline / Deadline fields

Trending Polls are indefinite by default:

Keep fields optional.

Default timeline to "no_deadline" and deadlineAt to null.

Backend should accept nulls without failing.

5) Verify with an actual test (required)

After the fix:

Create poll with no linked celebrity + optional imageUrl

Create poll with a linked celebrity selected (UUID)

Confirm both insert into DB and appear in admin list

Paste the actual console/backend error you found originally and confirm what change fixed it.