This is a clear and strategic consolidation. By renaming "Music" to "Entertainment", you immediately create the right home for Actors without needing to build a whole new feature.

This task requires changes in three layers:

The Code (Frontend): Updating the hardcoded lists and filter buttons.

The Styles (UI): Ensuring "Entertainment" inherits the Pink/Purple color previously used for Music.

The Data (Backend): A database migration to update every existing "Music" record to "Entertainment" so nothing gets lost.

Here is the "Safe Migration" Prompt for Replit.

Act as a Senior Full-Stack Engineer.

Task: Refactor Industry Category - Rename 'Music' to 'Entertainment' We are consolidating our industry categories. The "Music" category is being broadened to "Entertainment" to accommodate Actors and other performers.

1. Codebase Refactor (Frontend Constants)

Search: Locate all files defining the FILTER_CATEGORIES or industry lists (e.g., in client/src/data, vote.ts, predict.ts, or shared constants).

Replace: Rename "Music" to "Entertainment" in all lists.

Order: The new list order should be: Tech, Favorites, Politics, Business, Entertainment, Sports, Creator (plus Custom Topic where applicable).

"Custom Topic" Constraint: Do not change the logic for "Custom Topic". It must only appear in the specific sections where it is already enabled.

2. UI & Styling Updates

Color Mapping: Locate the helper function or CSS that assigns colors to categories (e.g., getCategoryColor).

Action: Map the new "Entertainment" label to use the exact same Pink/Purple color previously assigned to "Music".

3. Database Migration (Critical) You must update the existing data so we don't lose any records.

Task: Create and run a SQL migration (or a one-time script scripts/migrate-music-to-entertainment.ts) that executes the following logic:

SQL

UPDATE celebrities SET category = 'entertainment' WHERE category = 'music';
UPDATE faceoffs SET category = 'entertainment' WHERE category = 'music';
UPDATE polls SET category = 'entertainment' WHERE category = 'music';
UPDATE predictions SET category = 'entertainment' WHERE category = 'music';
-- (And any other table where 'category' is stored)
Enums: If your database uses a strict Postgres ENUM for categories, you must ALTER TYPE to add 'entertainment' and remove 'music' (or just add 'entertainment' for safety).

4. Verification

Check the Global Filter Bar (Vote/Predict pages): It should now read "Entertainment" instead of "Music".

Check the Cards: Any card previously labelled "Music" should now display a Pink/Purple "Entertainment" pill.

Check the Home Page: Ensure the "Entertainment" filter works correctly on the Home toggle.

Deliverable: Confirm that the "Music" label is completely removed from the UI and all relevant database records have been migrated to "Entertainment".