I have attached a screenshot of the header component for "The Induction Queue" referencing the "?" and "+ Suggest" buttons in red box outline.  I have also attacehd a screenshot of the  header component for "Curate the Profile".  You will notice in the header component for "Curate the Profile" that it does not have any buttons whereas the  header component for "The Induction Queue" has a question mark "?" and "+ Suggest" buttons.  I would loike to add these same buttons for the "Curate the Profile"  header component.  The "+ Suggest" button should open a modal for an appropriately ranked FameDex user to suggest a profile photo to be in the running (List of images for other users to vote on) for the main displayed profile photo of a canditate. The modal style should match the same stylke as the other "+ Suggest" buttons in other sections, however, the content should be different - including the details necessary for a user to suggest a photo.  This will include a Search-Dropdown list hybrid of the main leaderboard celebrities where a user can select one of the celebrities they are going to suggest a photo for. Then an upload file box so the user can upload the image to FameDex. What else do you reccomend we have on this modal - since it could look odd with just the above - but less is more - so just 1 or two things you can suggest. 

Regarding the "Curate Profile" section:

There is "Curate Profile" text with an icon (refernced in the green box outline in the attached screenehot. The main heading already says "Curate the Profile" in large text so there is no need to mention "Curate Profile" again below.  That said - can be removed. 

There is a "?" currently beside it - this "?" will be repositioned beside "+ Suggest" button as it appears in the header for "The Induction Queue". 

The the "View All" button to the right will also have to move.  It should go below the card - since all the sections above (e.g. The Induction Queue) have the "View All" buttons at teh bottom of the section. See attached screenshot with new position reference in blue square outline. 

Then there is a 1 - 100 counter at the bottom and top of the card.  I think having both may be an overkill.  Let's remove the one at the bottom to make room for the "View All" button.  You are welcome to suggest better names than just "View All" - like teh Induction Queue has "View All Canditates" which works well. 